IBM Power and Z documentation for Quay (#836)
quay/quay-docs: modules/builders-virtual-environment.adoc

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc create token quay-builder -n virtual-builders —duration

Reviewer: It's a generic change, whenever the token generated at that step, it's not sticking to that for longer, so I had to recreate multiple times, to resolve that I suggested to add that `--duration` not `-duration` flag along with time in minutes as units (which is supported)

> $ oc create token quay-builder -n virtual-builders —duration

Author: @ksdeekshith could you please provide the exact command here ? Thanks.

> $ oc create token quay-builder -n virtual-builders —duration

Reviewer 2: @alishaIBM

> $ oc create token quay-builder -n virtual-builders —duration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ oc create token quay-builder -n virtual-builders --duration
```

Reviewer: @SNiemann15  can we add `--duration=20160m` as default for 2weeks. And a note like as can be changed as per requirement.

Reviewer 3: `--duration` needs an argument, something like `--duration 10m`

Reviewer 3: @SNiemann15 it can be with or without `=`,  `--duration 10m` is an example from `oc create token --help`.

`<time_in_minutes>` isn't ideal name, if you run it with `--duration 10`, it'll fail with the message:

```
error: invalid argument "10" for "--duration" flag: time: missing unit in duration "10"
```

I.e. you have to specify units, and it can be seconds, minutes, or hours. For example:

* `--duration=336h`
* `--duration=20160m`
* `--duration=1209600s`
* `--duration=335h60m`

All these options give the same result.

When the option is not specified, the tokens used not to expire. This might have changed in recent OCP versions though.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc create token quay-builder -n virtual-builders --duration=<time_in_minutes> <1>
> ----
> <1> Optional. Specify the duration, to request a token with a custom expiration. The value and the unit are required. For example, specify `--duration 20160m` to retain the token for two weeks.

Reviewer 2: @alishaIBM I discussed with @dmage to change as follows: 

```suggestion
$ oc create token quay-builder -n virtual-builders
----
+
[NOTE]
====
When the token expires you will need to request a new token. Optionally, you can also  add a custom expiration. For example, specify `--duration 20160m` to retain the token for two weeks.
====
```

Author: Thank you @SNiemann15. I have updated the PR.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get route -n quay-enterprise —duration

Reviewer 4: There is no such option for `oc get route`. Please remove.

Reviewer 5: Remove this option , as Yussuf has suggested

Author: Done. Thanks.
